Improve INFOPLIST_FILE handling to only omit used Info.plist's from Copy Bundle Resources Build Phase (#1027)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: CHANGELOG.md

#### Fixed
- Fixed regression on **.storekit** configuration files' default build phase. [#1026](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/1026) @jcolicchio
- Fixed bug where schemes without a build target would crash instead of displaying an error [#1040](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/1040) @dalemyers

> - Fix files such as **GoogleServices-Info.plist** from being omitted from the Copy Resources build phase. Now, only the resolved Info.plist path for a specific target is skipped. [#1027](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/1027) @liamnichols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix files with name ending `Info.plist` (such as **GoogleServices-Info.plist**) from being omitted from the Copy Resources build phase. Now, only the resolved `Info.plist` path for a specific target is skipped. [#1027](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/1027) @liamnichols
```

Author: Thanks @freddi-kit! 

Counter-suggestion: 

```suggestion
- Fixed files with names ending in **Info.plist** (such as **GoogleServices-Info.plist**) from being omitted from the Copy Resources build phase. Now, only the resolved info plist file for each specific target is omitted. [#1027](https://github.com/yonaskolb/XcodeGen/pull/1027) @liamnichols
```

(using **bold** for filenames)

Reviewer: Thanks looks good!
